assessment
(n) 1. The act of judging or deciding the amount, value, quality, or importance of something, or the judgement or decision that is made	NULL
He was a man of extreme assessments.

amusing
(adj) 1. funny or entertaining

budge
(v) to change your opinion or to make someone change their opinion
1.It did not look like anything would budge. 2.The wheel would not budge

barn
(n) 1. A large building ona farm, where animals, crops or machines are kept
...when the fire starts in the hay and the barn catches on fire

conviction
(n) a strong belief or opinion about something
Your convictions are nothing in themselves.
opinion,attitude,view

deep down
if (adv) you know or feel something ------------ , you do know or feel it, although you try to pretend that you don't
She was waiting for her husband who she felt deep down was not going to return today or ever again

exceedingly
(adv) to a very great degree 
Some of the children have done exceedingly well.
extremely, incredibly,extraordinary

embellish
(v) to make something more beautiful by decorating it
He says that forests embellish the land
decorate, adorn, enhance

growl
(v) to make a low rough sound, usually in anger
The dog growled at her and snapped at her ankles.

grade
1.(v) To separate people or things into different levels of quality, size, importance, etc. 2.(v) To give a score to a student's piece of work
The books are graded according to the difficulty of the language.

hay
(n) long grass that has been cut and dried, used for feeding animals
...when a fire starts in the hay

jolt
(v) to shock someone
That difference had jolted him.

oversee
(v) to watch something in order to check that it works or happens in the way that it should
And actually I have to oversee the work myself
surveille, watch, observe

prospect
(n) the possibility that something good might happen in the future
A difficult period followed - there were no prospects for work

reminisce
(v) to talk , thing, or write about enjoyable experiences in your past
We spent the evenong reminiscing about our university days

refute
(v) to say that a statement is not true or accurate without giving proof
The police said he was drunk, a claim refuted by his attorney

revise
(v) to change, improve, or make additions to something such as a book, law, or piece of writing
...and revised it, as we went along the way we wanted

snort
(v) to make a sudden loud noise through your nose, for example because you are angry or laughing
At lunch we sort of snorted at each other...

supper
(n) a main meal eaten in the evening
I got up and by supper time I had written the whole thing over.

subtle
(adj) showing an ability to notice and understand small things that other people do not
I have never met one who was so subtle and musical

subdued
(adj)  quite and slightly sad or worried
He looks tired and a little subdued
sad, unhappy, gloomy

scrap
 (n)  a small piece of something or a small amount of information
Do you have a scrap of paper I could write on?

tear up
(v - tore, torn)  to destroy something such as a piece of paper or cloth by pulling it into pieces
I was so insulted I tore up everything I had written

terrific
(adj) very good (or very interesting) 2.Used to emphasize the great amount or degree of something
Andrey was a terrific editor

unfliching
(adj) not changing or stopping despite difficulties
Knowing het tough, unfliching character, Andrei...

unbending
(adj) too strict or unwilling to change your opinions or believes
That amazing woman was strict and unbending

ambiguity
(n) a lack of clear and exact use of words, so that more than one meaning is possible
Try to avoid ambiguity and keep your comments brief.

approachable
(adj) someone who is .................. is friendly and easy to talk to 2.capable of being reached from a particular direction or by a particular means
The site is approachable only by sea.
friendly, nice, warm

brazen
(adj) behaving in a way that is not moral or socially acceptable, and not caring if other people are shocked or offended
When I am drunk i became arrogant and brazen to the last degree
evil, wicked, gross...

candid
(adj) honest and direct, even when the truth is not pleasant
She was very candid with him about the standard of his work.
honest, sincere, fine

burden
(n) a serious or difficult responsibility that you have to deal with

slander
(n) something bad that you say about someone that is not true and may damage their reputation
What you said about Barbara is cruel and vicious slander.

stack
 (n) a pile of things placed one on top of another
Over there, in the distance, is a stack of hay, in the forefront is a window, and here is the garden...
pile, mound, heap

clarity
(n) the quality of being clear and easy to understand
There has been a call for greater clarity in this area of the law.
inteligibillity

density
 (n) the amount of something in a place
Such finds provided the kind of density that the film is replete with.
accumulation

replete
(adj) full of something
This car has an engine replete with the latest technology.
full, crowded, packed

endeavor
(n) an effort or attempt to do something
By the end of the shooting, everyone had gone off in different directions and was involved in his own part of the endeavor.
attempt, effort, struggle

occupy
(v) 1. to fill, exist in, or use a place or period of time 2. to keep someone busy or interested
On long journeys I occupy myself with solving maths puzzles.

sew
(v) to make or repair clothes using a needle and thread
He decided to sew some pockets on a piece of cloth

earring
(n) a piece of jewellery that you wear on your ear
He was wearing an earring in his left ear.

patience
(n) 1. the ability to continue doing something for a long time without losing interest, especially something difficult 2.  a game played with cards by one person
We played patience, putting the cards in the various pockets, then switching them around

succession
1(n)  a series of people or things of the same type 2. the process by which one person comes after another as a king, queen, or leader
We couldn't get a natural succession of episodes

flow
(n) (especially of liquids, gases, or electricity) to move in one direction, especially continuously and easily
One did't flow from the other, they weren't connected

dawn
(v) if a period of time ............, it begins
Periodically it felt like the light had dawned, but then it became clear that we still hadn't found a solution

anxious
 (adj) worried and nervous
/ˈæŋk.ʃəs/  My mother always gets a bit anxious if we don't arrive when we say we will.
worried, nervous, upset

slap
(v) to hit someone or something with the flat part of the hand or other flat object
She slapped him across the face.

later on
(ph.) in the future, or after the time already mentioned
Later on we tried to film stories by Thomas Mann, Bulgakov...

proposal
 (n) a plan or suggestion, especially a formal one that a group has to consider
Proposals for a new constitution are under discussion.
suggestion, recommendation...

lavish
(adj)  large in quantity and expensive or impressive
We didn't look at the walls, the magnificent decorations, all those lavish paintings
substantial, considerable, extensive...

bounce an idea off someone
(ph) to share an idea with someone in order to get feedback and improve on it
We kept bouncing ideas off one another...

dignity
(n) the importance and value that a person has, that makes other people respect them or makes them respect themselves
/ˈdɪɡ.nə.ti/  I suppose it is that he tried to return to Soviet art, to the art of our times the dignity of genuine culture
self-control, discipline, self-discipline

glimpse
(n) an occasion when you see something or someone for a very short time
/ɡlɪmps/ I only caught (= had) a fleeting glimpse of the driver of the getaway car, but I know I would recognize her if I saw her again.
look, sight, glance

engrave
(v) to cut words, pictures, or patterns into the surface of metal, stone, etc.
/ɪnˈɡreɪv/ The jeweller skilfully engraved the initials on the ring.

imbue something/someone with something
(ph) to fill something or someone with a quality or feeling
His other great service was that he reestablished the link between the times an imbued the culture of cinematography with the elevation of the Eternal

kettle
(n) a container for boiling water, that has a lid, handle, and spout and is made from plastic or metal
/ˈket.əl/ Actually I was a participant in all this, prat of this life, boiling in the same kettle.

astound
(v) to surprise or shock someone very much
/əˈstaʊnd/ In my opinion he did astound the world, he shook it and taught it something.
surprise, shock, shake up

forefront
(n) a leading or important position
/ˈfɔː(r)ˌfrʌnt/ In daily twists and turns of life what comes to the forefront most friqently is the mediocrity and vanity of our actions.

conceal
(v) to prevent someone from seeing or knowing your feelings
/kənˈsiːl/ He concealed hos sensitive personality with accentuated elegance, somewhat cold and pedantic neatness.
manage, suppress, deal with

accentuate
(v) to emphasize something, or to make it more noticeable
/ækˈsentʃueɪt/  He concealed hos sensitive personality with accentuated elegance, somewhat cold and pedantic neatness.
emphasize, stress, highlight.

neat
(adj) carefully arranged and looking nice
/niːt/  He concealed hos sensitive personality with accentuated elegance, somewhat cold and pedantic neatness.
tidy, orderly.

greasy
(adj) 1.prepared with a lot of oil or fat 4. covered in a substance such as oil or water that makes you slip
/ˈɡriːsi/ Then I saw him an endless number of times on location, wearing a greasy padded jacket and boots, or a canvas raincoat or a sheepskin coat so worn that it shined.
buttery, calorific, caramelised

padded
(adj) --------- clothes are filled with a soft substance to protect or change the appearance of your body
/ˈpædɪd/ Then I saw him an endless number of times on lacation, wearing a greasy padded jacket and boots, or a canvas raincoat or a sheepskin coat so worn that it shined.

canvas
(n)  strong heavy cotton cloth used for making tents, shoes, and sails
/ˈkænvəs/ Then I saw him an endless number of times on location, wearing a greasy padded jacket and boots, or a canvas raincoat or a sheepskin coat so worn that it shined.

raincoat
(n) a long coat made of light material that you wear when it is raining
/ˈreɪnˌkəʊt/ Then I saw him an endless number of times on lacation, wearing a greasy padded jacket and boots, or a canvas raincoat or a sheepskin coat so worn that it shined.

sheepskin
(adj) the skin of a sheep with the wool still on it
a sheepskin coat/jacket/rug
alpaca, angora, bearskin...

mud
(n)  earth that has been mixed with water
/mʌd/ He would be up to his knees in mud or his head was soaking wet.
alluvium, clay, clod.

soaked
(adj) extremely wet
/soʊkt/ I'm going to have to take these clothes off - I'm soaked to the skin!
wet, damp

conspicuous
(adj) very noticeable or easy to see, especially because of being unusual or different
/kənˈspɪkjʊəs/ Yet I remember him as he was on that first day looking demanding and conspicuously refined
obvious, apparent, show up

refined
(adj) someone who is ------ is very polite and well educated, and enjoys art, music etc
/rɪˈfaɪnd/ ...looking demanding and conspicuously refined
polite, civil, correct

superb
(adj) of the highest quality
/sʊˈpɜː(r)b/ I noticed that among his foreign belongings , just as superbly adapted as in the past, was a jacket he had worn in Moscow
excellent, exceptional, high-grade

stubborn
(adj)  a ------- person is not willing to change their ideas or to consider anyone else’s reasons or arguments
/ˈstʌbə(r)n/ ...Tarkovsky, who had a reputation for being uncompromising and stubborn...
 narrow, conservative

